Meeting 5 Minutes
===============

##### 26.10.2020

Agenda
------

Group meeting for all members and group manager. All were present.

Aims:
  - Meet our manager
  - Check up on and discuss our progress so far
  - Ask questions about the project and what is expected of us
  
---------------

Actions
-------

This meeting was structured as so:
  - Lilia introduced herself and clarified what her role is
  - Lilia had conversations with each member of the team, which consisted of a brief introduction and a discussion about their role, responsibilities, and their contributionsr
  - We then disscussed the effectiveness of our collaboration methods
  - Reviewed our deadlines and expectations for each section

---
  
Individual's notes from their conversations with Lilia:
-
Aimee:
  
  
Andrew:
  
  
Autumn:
  - My role is leader/reporter, I am working on the planning and decisions section of the report and I also do the minutes for our meetings alongside James.
  - Plan and decisions section:
    - I've started on the report, so far I've got a template and have been writing in our project decisions and team roles.
    - Still need to add in the Gantt chart and plan for stage 2 and 3.
    - Might need to push back our deadline for this section. It is currently set as the 30th and while the plan for stage 1 is done, we have yet to do stages 2 and 3 and the
      plan will be an iterative process. We have not set a new deadline.
  - Meeting minutes:
    - We discussed whether using transcription software would make this easier and make the meeting notes better:
      - Current meeting notes do not include who contributes ideas, and are not very comprehensive as they just include main ideas. This means that good ideas are going 
        undocumented and perhaps unactioned.
      - For transcription software, Yangyang is already using otter.ai as we had discussed early on that this method could make our meetings more useful for him as he is not   
        fluent in English. He says it works great, so we may try this software at the next meeting.
  
Hannah:
   - My role in the group is the liason. I have been working at keeping in touch and arranging potential meetings with our manager, also I have been working on our groups     "Risk Management Plan".
   - For the Risk Management Plan, I have it pretty much complete with tables that identify and rank potential risk
   - Need to add a reference and a few introduction lines for eacg table 
   
 -Meeting Minutes:
  - Our manager went through each section of risks and made suggestions which can be easily added to make it a more appropriate for our stage 1 documents.
  
  
James:
  - Requirements should be more specific, based on standards and fulfilment of requirements should be easily measurable.
  - Diagrams should be enlarged/broken down to actually be visible in the final document
  
Yangyang:
  
  
Blazej:
  
 
 
 
 
Further discussion:
  - We should all do a S.W.O.T. analysis of ourselves so that we can appropriately allocate roles for future stages, have more information for the risk section of the report,
    and have a better understanding of our group
  - Rough roles:
    - Backend - Andrew, James, Aimee
    - Frontend - Hannah, Autumn
    - Testing - ???
    - Marketing - ???

---

TODO:
  - Individual S.W.O.T. analyses (as suggested by Yangyang in last meeting) so we can better delegate tasks have better information for the risk section of the report
    - Strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, threats
  - Go through documents in the shared google folder and get ready to discuss
  - Try get as much done for Friday meeting as we are going through what each of us has, so that we have a better idea of our progress and where to go from here


Next meeting:
  - Go through all documents we have so far
  - Discuss our S.W.O.T. analyses
  - Update Lilia on this meeting
