Meeting 6 Minutes
================

##### 30/10/2020

Agenda
------

Group meeting for all members, all were present.

Documents referenced:
  - Shared google drive [folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1y3wSl9olSm-z9agIUQiVRx3pW4nxV7PW)
      - Requirements specification 
      - Risk management plan
      - Stage 1 report 
      - [SWOT Analysis](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ctDco9A4KS9ywcHeg-nv_ZjH6sa5jIIOpHeY26AdP7g/edit)
      
Aims:
  - Go through each section to see what we have so far
  - Discuss everyone's S.W.O.T. analysis
  - Get started on using transcription software
  
--------------------------
Actions
------

In this meeting we:
  - Completed individual S.W.O.T. analyses
  - Went through and discussed each of the sections 
  - Made plans to speak to Andrew's dad, who works in software development, and ask about the process and what we should expect from ourselves
  - Decided on a different meeting scedule
  
---

S.W.O.T. Analysis:
  - The excerise gives us a run-down of each person's strengths and weaknesses in regards to software development, the opportunities that will arise for them during this 
    project, and the threats to these opportunities and the individual's work.
  - We had planned to do these before the meeting but there was work due in other courses this week so we instead did it today during the meeting. 
  - We put this into a document that we will refer to for the risk section, the planning section, and also when allocating tasks in future.
    
Our work so far:
  - Requirements
    - Just about done
    - James had been filling out the explainatory sections
    - Everyone was happy with the work that had been done so far, and had fully agreed on the requirements that they had decided on
  - Planning and Project Decisions
    - Will need longer to finish that we had expected, as we had yet to make plans for stages 2 and 3
    - Stages 2 and 3 will be planned over the next 2 weeks and put into the Gantt chart. These must be done before we have finished the first draft of our report
    - Blazej has got stage 1 fully input into the Gantt chart. He had also started on stages 2 and 3
    - Autumn has been working on putting together a template for the report and writing our project decisions and team roles
      - This section still needs decisions on software/frameworks, expected subsystems, product assessment, and also an overview of the Gantt chart
        - James suggested:
          - We have to settle on a CSS style guide
          - Flex displays are vitally important as we need to make sure that this website will still be fully accessible for mobile, as the platform is very location-based
          - Bootstrap? (suggested by Blazej, who has experience using it)
          - Preprocessors  like sass or less, which are standalone packages in Ruby and NodeJS
          - Perhaps we should decide on a templating language
  - Risks
    - Is pretty much done, and just needs to be put into the report template
    - Everyone was happy with the risk report
  - Usability
    - As Hannah had pretty much completed her section, she suggested that she could make a start on the usability section

Andrew's dad:
  - As he is someone who has a lot of experience in software development (works at Comcarde Ltd.), we were thinking about asking him some questions about it
  - We considered setting up a meeting, but decided it would be more likely to work out if we would come up with a things we wanted to know and send them to him
  - We have a document on the shared google folder for our questions, and this will be sent to him on Thursday. We all must add our questions to the document before then otherwise they may no be answered
  - Question that has already been answered: sprints should be ~2 weeks long
  

Further discussion:
  - As we all had coursework to do for other classes this week, less work has been done than usual before the meeting
    - We had planned to have our S.W.O.T. analyses done before the meeting, we instead did it during the meeting
  - Autumn suggested that we allow user's to be able to choose the background image to their profile page
  -  ##### Our Monday meetings are no longer going to be taking place, as we felt that one meeting a week would be suffiecient and would allow for more progress to be made between meetings. 


------------

TODO
----

- Make a start on usability
- Stages 2+3 plan
- Add questions for Andrew's dad to the document in the shared google folder by THURSDAY

##### Meetings will now only occur on Fridays @ 1:30pm

