Meeting 2 Minutes
===============

##### 16.10.2020

Agenda
------

Group meeting for all members. All members were present, James joined midway through.

Documents referenced:
  - [Group Project Specification](http://www2.macs.hw.ac.uk/~jl107/docs/group-project-spec.pdf)
  - [Stage 1 Document](https://tinyurl.com/y58fbnqg)
  - [Project Guide](https://tinyurl.com/yydeex3r)

Aims:
  - Discuss the project in more detail, as all of the documents had been released since the last meeting
  - Decide upon a rough plan for stage 1 and get started on the work

---------------

Actions
-------

In this meeting we:
  - Allocated basic roles and responsibilities
  - Discussed the stage 1 document
  - Allocated responsibilities and split the workload between the group
  - Discussed the requirements
  - Set our rough deadlines for stage 1
  - Made basic project decisions (group name, platform name, some languages and softwares)
--- 

Project Decisions:
  - Company name: Server Monk Software
  - Platform name: Exposure
  - Languages (so far): html, php, css
  - Software (so far): filezilla (hosting platform), phpadmin (database), github (project diary and repository)

Roles:
  - Reporter (keeps minutes of the meetings) - Autumn
  - Liaison (to contact members of staff and keep in touch with group members) - Hannah
  - Organisational Manager (to ensure that all planned tasks are allocated sensibly and that appropriate progress is being made) - Blazej
  - Technical Manager (for application development) - Andrew
  - Aimee, Yangyang and James werenâ€™t allocated a specific role, but will assist in each role as they see necessary

Stage 1 document discussion:
  - The document discusses the expected work to be done for Stage 1 of the development project. We divided up the responsibilities and discussed roughly what each section needed. More in-depth discussions regarding the sections will be had within the sub-groups responsible for them.
  - Requirements Specification - Andrew & James
    - This section is one of the larger ones, and also affects other parts of the project quite a bit, so we allocated 2 people for the job. 
    - Should be completed by the 30th October
  - Risk Analysis - Hannah
    - As a smaller section, we decided that 1 person would be enough for this job
    - Should be completed by the 23rd October (26th at the latest)
  - Project Decisions and Plan  - Blazej, Autumn, Yangyang
    - As Blazej is the organisational manager, it was vital that he was a part of the subgroup responsible for this section. We allocated 3 people to this section as it is quite large and greatly affects the project and the team.
    - Should be completed by the 30th October, but as the project plan is to be revisited throughout the project.
  - Project Costing - Aimee
    - As a smaller section, we decided that 1 person would be enough for this job
    - Should be completed by the 23rd October (26th at the latest)
  - Usability Evaluation of Mock-ups - TBD/everyone
    - We decided that this cannot really be started until the other sections are mostly done, so we are going to start this after we are done with the rest. The 2nd November will be the absolute latest for a start date.
    - As it is quite a chunky section, and as our other responsibilities should be mostly done when we start, we will further divide the responsibilities of this section between the group. We may yet pick someone to lead the section but this decision will be made at a later date.
    - We should be completely done with this by the deadline for our 1st draft (12th November)
  - Full report
    - We will have at least 2 drafts before handing in, ideally more
    - 1st draft
      - Should be started on the 6th November and completed by the 12th
      - This can and probably will be done before the usability evaluation and mock-ups are, but we can have the rest of it done.
    - 2nd draft
      - Should be started on the 12th and completed by the 19th
    - 3rd draft
      - Should be started on the 19th finished by the 23rd
    - Final draft
      - Should be started on the 23rd, and handed in by the 26th

---------------
TODO
----

   - Should have a start on each section
    - Make sure to take a note of what you do for your section (eg. a summary, minutes from meetings) for the project diary
   - Be ready to make contact with our project manager
     - Ask if we can use our household/extended household for testing
